hey guys it's a girl 1k go you might
have seen me on the cover of black men
straight stuntin urban eat and as as
magazine we answer your questions for
ask a vixen for hip-hop wired so news 11
and what was my longest relationship and
why did today my longest relationship
was three years and it ended because he
didn't want me to model so if I were to
stay the night relationship you guys
would never even got it to experience
wankaego so luckily I got other
relationships so I could excel and move
forward in my career and live my dream
at mr. math ask what is my favorite
place a vacation my favorite place to
vacation is Vegas because it's a party
24 hours a day from the time you wake up
time you go to sleep so I love to
vacation vegas at roche teen ttes when i
have my first child what would I name my
child and luckily hopefully I would have
a boy and if I had a boy would like to
make me Trevor but since I'm African on
make sure I give him an African name as
well too at mr. mask asked another
question and he wanted to know what does
a guy have to do to lock you down for
cuffing season unfortunately no word is
gonna be laughing me down because I work
all the time so there would be no
handcuff and unfortunately but like I
wanted to talk to somebody they would
have to be able to support my career in
my dreams and not be jealous they have
to support me love me and then we're
good at low key asked if I had a twitter
crush I've been on Twitter for about a
year and a half now and have a lot of
followers a lot of fans that tweet me
every day but the person that tweets
meet all the time he even sent me
flowers to my house his name is porn
star Paul so shout-out to porn star fall
and thank you for all the love and
support at Fox files wanted to know what
would I do for some Trukfit well I
listened the
awain frequently and on his mixtape he
said he had it at Macy's taking my
Macy's and buy some Trukfit over there
at low key as penny or patron I'm a
patron kind of girl I don't drink dark
liquor I like patron so I were trying
all day long actually mr. recorded I'm
just a rat girl I lied what if I had to
choose between any return I drink of the
turtle I just want to let you guys know
I have a mixtape dropping soon it's
called sweet 16 i just opened up for
meek millz last weekend back in June I
did open up her cash out in august i
opened up for verse simmonds so be on
the lookout for me because making my way
and I'm coming for the throne so follow
me on twitter at wankaego follow me on
instagram as well i am wan-chi go and
show me love and i'll show you guys love